Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got here you got here on time ninja.
cynthia wetzel: Did I did.
cynthia wetzel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you
Gwenevere Abriel: That was so
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanted those
cynthia wetzel: Last week, you mentioned it was
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do differently that made that possible.
cynthia wetzel: I'm I just
cynthia wetzel: stopped for a different time.
cynthia wetzel: Usually I shoot for like five
cynthia wetzel: I just got up a little later. And I went to step up a little earlier, you know,
cynthia wetzel: I jumped in the shower, a little earlier. No, I'm still
cynthia wetzel: Just push a button and fixing my hair so
cynthia wetzel: Yeah, I'll shoot for even earlier next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Was your alarm set in the morning differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so that's that's the start of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it's it once you actually got started with that earlier alarm. Everything else moved in long, you know, earlier shower earlier Starbucks run everything was just said earlier, it was the getting started.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes so common that it is just that it makes all the difference is that first getting started.
cynthia wetzel: And
cynthia wetzel: Shooting for a different time.
cynthia wetzel: I usually shoot for five to
cynthia wetzel: That guarantees, I'll be a little late because they know they have a in the main office. Now, it tells you how long estimated wait time is and it never really takes that long, but it always scares me because it's 10 to 15 minutes
cynthia wetzel: And I expect them answer within two or three minutes so
Gwenevere Abriel: So this time you were actually there 15 minutes early, and how did it work out.
cynthia wetzel: The answer was in a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm guessing that they because it's been that 10 to 15 i think that that's how they have the screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I, yeah, I don't know that it changes. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that that is there set saved. I don't know that it's a really
Gwenevere Abriel: Odeon sensitive modulation. I think my guess is because I've seen it to people have sent me screenshots because they're like, I'm here, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm like, yeah, I see that. And so I've been able to see and I've never seen it.
cynthia wetzel: 35
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, which
Gwenevere Abriel: Which is what they're saying clients should be getting in that early
cynthia wetzel: Apparently there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty big influx on that might be because services are not able to be as in person. So you can picture bright heart health is a real viable option for people so
cynthia wetzel: Oh, good.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is there anything sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: You had in mind that you
cynthia wetzel: Know, but I did send you my
cynthia wetzel: I wrote
cynthia wetzel: I finally sent it about 15 minutes ago.
cynthia wetzel: Meant to say that last week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I did not hear what you said. What did you send
cynthia wetzel: I'm the shame.
cynthia wetzel: It was
cynthia wetzel: It's not, it was not like my normal stuff like usually I tell um
cynthia wetzel: The stuff in my book is all like specific stories of
cynthia wetzel: incidents that happened. And then, um, and I don't do a whole lot of reflection or, you know, I'm evaluation or anything like that. So this is totally different in that it's all reflection.
cynthia wetzel: And, um, I just sent it to a bar in it. So I thought that you might appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, you, you, you may not like what I'm going to tell you, but these are the facts. I cannot hear everything you're saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Just if you don't have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just breathe with me. It's just a reality. I'm not sure what's going on it over there. I have seen 212 I've seen three clients, this morning, and it has not been an issue there is
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
cynthia wetzel: I'll tell you what it is.
cynthia wetzel: Okay, um, somebody keeps messing with my settings.
cynthia wetzel: Because other people have been using this computer.
cynthia wetzel: And instead of using internet audio. It said it's using my computer audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to play with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
cynthia wetzel: Um, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just a rush. I just thought I mentioned, if it's things we can fix them we do if we can't we just
cynthia wetzel: Really important.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I do. I want to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to hear what you're saying. So I'll just, just for a second. I'm gonna look over a note from from last time.
Okay.
cynthia wetzel: Mike
cynthia wetzel: I'm Googling it because I don't see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can look something up to should I be looking something up.
cynthia wetzel: Yeah, um,
cynthia wetzel: I just want to know how to switch it to
cynthia wetzel: Using internet audio instead of
cynthia wetzel: My computer audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's a Macintosh
cynthia wetzel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just switch
Gwenevere Abriel: To internet audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: From computer
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Change the sound output settings in a map, change the sound. Let's see, what is she
Gwenevere Abriel: She's here.
cynthia wetzel: Can I improve my zoom audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so on your Mac choose Apple menu and go to System Preferences.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little Apple at the top.
cynthia wetzel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then it
References
Gwenevere Abriel: Click sound and click output.
cynthia wetzel: I'm
cynthia wetzel: In
cynthia wetzel: Some output. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then it says select the device, you want to use in the list of sound output devices all sound output devices available to your Mac are listed, including the computers internal speakers device.
Gwenevere Abriel: In USB airplay devices for any
cynthia wetzel: Internal speakers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so right and you're saying,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's interesting. He want internet. I don't even know what that is.
cynthia wetzel: It used to show up when I'm when I signed in, it would say, do you want to use internet audio.
cynthia wetzel: And I was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay. For any device plugged in, or computer to to choose headphones. Do any of the following to adjust your sound output settings. Adjust the balance. Yeah, we know show a volume control. Uh huh, turn the volume up
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, depending on your Mac and do I should be able to set other volume options using the audio. Am I do I set up app. No idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: See this right here. Whatever this is, I don't know if that is if you use apps that have volume controls music I movie these settings can only be equal to or less than the computers.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they do not override the settings you choose. I don't see anything about internet though.
cynthia wetzel: Can you hear me a little better. Now I turn the volume up
Gwenevere Abriel: In
Gwenevere Abriel: Volume wasn't the problem.
cynthia wetzel: No cutting out
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still cutting out
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So, so what
Gwenevere Abriel: We can overcome it it's it's some this is still grist for the mill stuff so we can talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Least we have the internet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Least we have it at all.
cynthia wetzel: Hey, I'm still
cynthia wetzel: To ask
cynthia wetzel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Toggle
Gwenevere Abriel: Says,
Gwenevere Abriel: He probably noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: Video source sound output does not automatically change.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, internal speakers. Awesome. Haha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you are going right here, like right there, right, or no.
cynthia wetzel: Bollywood. I can see you.
cynthia wetzel: Going right
cynthia wetzel: I
cynthia wetzel: Know,
cynthia wetzel: Okay, I
cynthia wetzel: Just now, or when I normally, normally it's a screen that pops up.
cynthia wetzel: That says, do you want to join by internet audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm playing with something online. I'm going to send
Audio
cynthia wetzel: You see,
cynthia wetzel: Leave computer audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: Select an internal microphone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't see anything about a computer. Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got nothing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing.
cynthia wetzel: Oh, I can hear you. Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, welcome.
cynthia wetzel: To my
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a look at what we've done. Okay, all of its grist for the mill here. So what is, what are you going through right now.
cynthia wetzel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just annoying. Okay.
cynthia wetzel: They also keep turning off my touch up my appearance.
cynthia wetzel: On my computer.
cynthia wetzel: On my zoo. I'm like, just leave it. Your mother has live like not to show everybody
cynthia wetzel: And my name. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, definitely want your name because here's why we want your name, you may want to pass this along to your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the reason we want your name if you're sitting in the waiting room and it says TZ as the 4444444 and I say, Cindy in there. They'll say, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we want to have that name there.
cynthia wetzel: Somehow it got changed to Cindy.
cynthia wetzel: Cindy w. So now when I sign in and I can change it. And I think it's fine to um
cynthia wetzel: To get to their names when they're being in but for summary my
cynthia wetzel: Actual like the name that pops up and shows up is Cindy Wu, and I'm like, it's that's never my name. So it's been the away but yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now it's all lowercase Cynthia Wessel
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Okay, I just say
cynthia wetzel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's 15 minutes after
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at your time. Take a look at that. This is your time.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tune in to you. You noticed earlier. Some irritation and you shared what those things were
Gwenevere Abriel: But you were seeing and hearing me just fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are irritated. Was it because I was having to ask a couple of times. Was it that I was quite well make sure, go, go. Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you have been irritated if I never said anything. And I just
cynthia wetzel: I probably would have been confused because I would have been like, why
cynthia wetzel: Why can't she hear me.
cynthia wetzel: I don't want to show my nightstand. It's very messy.
cynthia wetzel: I'm not annoyed with you I'm annoyed with Tim asked him not to touch the Settings.
cynthia wetzel: I've asked him a couple times that such this and he
cynthia wetzel: Seems to not give a shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see this
cynthia wetzel: I like that. Very good, though.
cynthia wetzel: Yes, I always do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: How did you just do that with Tegan
cynthia wetzel: I assume that he doesn't give a shit and I'm
cynthia wetzel: Actually might very well give a shit. I'm, I'm assuming a lot in saying that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When was the first time that you felt like someone in your life doesn't give a shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what you think and feel we've worked. Let's do it. Come on.
cynthia wetzel: Form. When I was little, obviously.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get a specific image in line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Memory how old you were, what you doing, who was around
cynthia wetzel: Okay.
You got one.
cynthia wetzel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's something you want to share. You'd rather just hold it in your working awareness.
cynthia wetzel: Pauses hold it in my awareness.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you believe about yourself in that memory. What's the I Am, what
cynthia wetzel: I don't, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the negative cognition and what would you like to thought about yourself back then.
cynthia wetzel: Um,
cynthia wetzel: Maybe my mom was just busy with something else.
cynthia wetzel: That
cynthia wetzel: I do matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: I matter.
cynthia wetzel: Yeah I matter. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there would be evidence to support that belief you look around and you say, Look at that. Look at this. See, I'm matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I work a little bit more around those two
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were to assess the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: As I am
Gwenevere Abriel: A positive belief about the self back them. What would that sentence be I am what
cynthia wetzel: I am worthy.
cynthia wetzel: I wouldn't have known what that meant, though, so
cynthia wetzel: Okay.
I'm worthy. I am
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative cognition. I don't matter is I am what back then I am
cynthia wetzel: Important
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm unimportant.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going back to the negative one. I'm I'm moving
cynthia wetzel: I said important I am
cynthia wetzel: Important
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you did.
cynthia wetzel: Is it negative
cynthia wetzel: Know some negative
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not, but I am going back to the other negative one, I'm going
Gwenevere Abriel: Back and I'm shifting that one. Just a little, just a tiny little tiny little shift want to go to the I don't matter one, the one that was fun in that that memory that you have in your mind right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: The I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, what is the I Am statement with that one. The belief about the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't, when you looked around and you're like, I don't matter. Clearly, look at the seven and see how they're treating me I don't matter. I don't matter. I don't matter. What's the I Am. What did you believe about yourself back then.
cynthia wetzel: What would I like to
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
cynthia wetzel: What did I believe that I am worthless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have a set
cynthia wetzel: On an
Gwenevere Abriel: unimportant. Yeah, yeah. So I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Just hold on to this, this worthless piece here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have the setup for the am Dr. You already have too tall kind of objects on either side of your phone or on your device.
cynthia wetzel: Know, should I put some on either side of my toys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, you're on the laptop right
cynthia wetzel: Yeah, I'm on a laptop. We haven't gone. Yeah, we haven't been
cynthia wetzel: I haven't needed cropped before now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool. And we'll just do that. I'll just, I'll just point to the left and right, your screen and then all you need to do is look left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so how how distressed. Are you right now as you're thinking about that that earlier imagery of
cynthia wetzel: Kind of distressed like
cynthia wetzel: What's the scale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, zero to 100 maybe give it a number somewhere zero to 100
cynthia wetzel: Liga 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you've got this memory, what should we call this memory if I ever want to bring us back to her, just to refer to that image or that memory, what do I call it
I'm
cynthia wetzel: Carla being Carla.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are looking Carla Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So go to that pull up that WORST piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: That image, the worst.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part of that memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then hold hold on to that negative cognition of I am worthless.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you want to if you want to on your own. You're more than welcome to integrate
Gwenevere Abriel: Your resource team, you can bring Jim Shaughnessy
Gwenevere Abriel: Sally. Okay, Bob. There you can bring them in on your own. But right now I want to do. What would be some desensitization.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all you'll be doing is looking at the the the corner as I'm pointing. You don't have to stop and look at me, you'll just be looking left and right at the pace that I said, which you can kind of look through your peripheral vision. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go.
cynthia wetzel: I'm not looking at the
The same
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not looking at me know you're going to cut my finger and appointed the left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: The pace isn't going to change unless I say it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't don't feel like you have to change the pace. Once you get in a groove you'll kind of know whether my fingers still moving in your hear my voice, sort of, say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together or I might say what's coming up for you right now. And then that's what I mean it really want to know right then what was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here we go. You want to pull up the worst part of that memory, pull it up into your working awareness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay and hold on to that negative belief about yourself of I am worthless. This is going to be a kind of a fast iteration. Just look at the corners of your screen, left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just moving your eyes. If it's strange, your eyes and sit back, just an inch
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want him straight
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's inhale together, inhale through the nose deep belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, slowly out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you get all go
Gwenevere Abriel: On in your mind go blank for even a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then tuning in to see what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you notice,
cynthia wetzel: That a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just your eyes. Make sure they're not overstrained
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can get that air down in the belly, not just up top.
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness alive.
Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Letting it all go letting the mind just rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: For even the briefest of a beat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see what comes up.
cynthia wetzel: I'm that I that
cynthia wetzel: Feel that a lot. And then I'm then look to other people to make me feel okay about myself and I think a lot of times boys like
cynthia wetzel: Both
cynthia wetzel: did make me feel better about myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to go with that. So hold up hold that worst image pull that up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the eyes moving try to put your face center. Right, right, and center. The screen just your eyes, going left and right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
cynthia wetzel: That I can
cynthia wetzel: That I tell myself. Okay, that I don't have to look to other people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice my pace is slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello worst image.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can help myself.
cynthia wetzel: The worst or the best
Worst
Gwenevere Abriel: Carla being Carla.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take care of myself. I can help myself feel better or something like that when you're going with your words.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep reading.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together big belly breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow. Last one yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what thoughts come
Gwenevere Abriel: By your mind what awareness of the body or emotions, see what comes up.
cynthia wetzel: Very normal school. I think that telling yourself that you're playing being a inside your own body. And I think that
cynthia wetzel: I just never learned in that I can learn it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can learn it now.
cynthia wetzel: I feel good about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you're getting your I've got someone in the room.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't miss the opportunity
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't miss an opportunity to see how your body feels right now because you just want
cynthia wetzel: Your wife to less annoyed.
cynthia wetzel: I felt much less than, than I usually feel when somebody walks in.
Okay.
cynthia wetzel: I mean, I actually, I was okay with it. I heard her outside there. And, um,
cynthia wetzel: She was on a conference call. When I went in here. So she didn't necessarily know even though there's note on the door. She didn't know that I was in a
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, let's go with that go with how you're feeling right now pull up, pull up that earlier. Carla being Carla Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take care of myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot to hold in the working space of our mind, see how you do.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're working really hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Corner corner.
Gwenevere Abriel: Noticing right now.
cynthia wetzel: I just noticed that it said Part two participants.
cynthia wetzel: I lost focus and I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So wait, stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel to have lost focus. What's your body doing right now.
cynthia wetzel: Annoying annoying because I i I've been doing a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, but how's your body doing. Where do
cynthia wetzel: This myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we're in the body, let's let's find out what that mess, where it lands in there.
Um,
cynthia wetzel: If you're like, I'm gonna cry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay, hold on yourself. Let's keep going with that. Hang in there, go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that Carla. Carla, and how you're feeling right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: just tuning in Word, let me know what's coming up.
cynthia wetzel: I'm pretty hard on myself and
cynthia wetzel: I
cynthia wetzel: get so mad at myself for not being perfect.
cynthia wetzel: Which is this silly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can we're going to go back up here, come back. You got this, you got this will go
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up the Carla been
Gwenevere Abriel: If anything else comes up this earlier. That's bridge to an earlier event that felt like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard on myself and give yourself permission to think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be something earlier. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some harder myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up right now.
cynthia wetzel: I had done the story to Helga I was supposed to send it four days ago and I
cynthia wetzel: just realized that I thought that I just blew up and then Sunday and didn't talk to her, and then I read before I came in here. I saw that there was a message from our that said
cynthia wetzel: She had been remiss in responding that she didn't even respond to me. So I feel like I don't need to be beating myself up so much everybody's a little disorganized right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going back, come back in connection going out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing into that.
You wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Even yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: someone you admire. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring in other admiring figures. Let's bring those in as we slow the tempo down
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring in whatever that negative memory that worse memory. Let's have the team president now with everyone's going through this
Gwenevere Abriel: Spring that team in that resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring them to your awareness and interact with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel their presence in your body. What is it like to have them, they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because mine. Do the skin bones and muscles Misra breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hard to do in the presence of safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: In West
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing in
Gwenevere Abriel: What's coming up for you right now.
cynthia wetzel: I'm
cynthia wetzel: At first, I was thinking how nice it is to have
cynthia wetzel: The thought of those three people standing there next to me.
cynthia wetzel: And then I started thinking
cynthia wetzel: I
cynthia wetzel: Am
cynthia wetzel: That I've been reacting a little in a way that's not helpful.
cynthia wetzel: And that I can do better.
As
Gwenevere Abriel: A parent
cynthia wetzel: Goes well for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and easy. Plug that WORST MEMORY and go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: First image that earlier. I don't know if it's changed, but it was called Carla being Carla before. Has it changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Color being Carla, and that piece you just had pull those up at the same time.
Gwenevere Abriel: A particular way with
Gwenevere Abriel: What those together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, talk, talk it through.
cynthia wetzel: Um, I could see her doing these mental gymnastics to try to avoid offending
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, bring your team into your awareness, bring them in.
Gwenevere Abriel: With them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Under how nice it is to be standing with them stand with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing together nice deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Lean forward that that chin come close to the chest, but that back of the neck. Open up just being quiet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what's coming up for you.
cynthia wetzel: Oh, I have to figure out how that you better
cynthia wetzel: Or she's gonna be sitting here therapy.
cynthia wetzel: Around the third
Gwenevere Abriel: We go along with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe into
Gwenevere Abriel: Practice and pull up, pull them in there next to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in fact,
Gwenevere Abriel: Become them.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you take that quality on Shaughnessy
Gwenevere Abriel: If those other two characters, take it on. How do you do that be in it. See what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: As you're thinking about becoming them taking those qualities on
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathe into
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone asking a question, is there resistance what's happening. Tell me what's happening.
cynthia wetzel: They're talking right outside here so
Gwenevere Abriel: What if
Gwenevere Abriel: You're distracted, what would happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If your three support characters your three characters were just outside the door. How would you invite them in and be present with them so that they can be part of you for Emperor, which is, you know, let's make it happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you do it in your imagination here now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be present with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's it feel
Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale off the mouse nice slow
Gwenevere Abriel: leak out nice and slow slowest breath ever
Gwenevere Abriel: I get that all the air out of long all that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, gravity pull those shoulders down like gravity pulls through the spine through sit bones to the chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: That gravity pulls through the feet and pull you to the center of the earth and be connected to something greater than yourself.
cynthia wetzel: Sticky notes all over the house with their initials on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got sticky notes all over with their initials on it.
cynthia wetzel: I'm going to, I'm going to make the notes.
cynthia wetzel: Or initials on so that I can remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
cynthia wetzel: Because gender slots, you would respond with humor to everything and Sally would respond with love and concern.
cynthia wetzel: And
cynthia wetzel: He would just
cynthia wetzel: A Bob
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go with that pull this come up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And why don't you do that current peace with your daughter, put them together. Here we go, hold them together just those things she's accommodating she's doing those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be present with humor and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: hold those it's hard to hold them there together and hold them nonetheless.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe
Gwenevere Abriel: Humorous
Gwenevere Abriel: Loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it land.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let it be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: Image of your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you press and hold them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Breathing into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: talk your way through it. What's coming up.
cynthia wetzel: Um, I like that version of me better
cynthia wetzel: And I think that I can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, go with that. Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your image, are you doing it. Tell me what you see.
Yeah.
cynthia wetzel: Laughing and
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that feel to be locked in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel to be laughing in your body.
cynthia wetzel: Good relaxing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture that more recent image of a pattern with your daughter good relaxing the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe. Laughing
Gwenevere Abriel: Soon as you become aware of where it settles in the body. Keep looking.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilaterally
Gwenevere Abriel: And tell me where that is.
cynthia wetzel: A stomach.
Gwenevere Abriel: Root
cynthia wetzel: Cause you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking left and right.
cynthia wetzel: I hold
cynthia wetzel: My body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on. Keep looking. Hold the image of your daughter that WORST piece senior daughter accommodating whatever that word was see it. Okay, okay, pull in laughter love at
Gwenevere Abriel: Midland and that Tommy
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
cynthia wetzel: There might actually be my chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so there is lands in the chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience of your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Around you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know heart. Okay, more keep breathing into that heart REALLY THE TRUTH humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: true love, true safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Communicating with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opening up the back of that neck and just rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Settle
Gwenevere Abriel: scan your body. See, see what felt sense comes up.
cynthia wetzel: I feel like
cynthia wetzel: I've settled into this pattern in this habit and that the normal me like the meme that was here before.
cynthia wetzel: I became so annoying is like that.
cynthia wetzel: Like I would respond with
cynthia wetzel: humor and
cynthia wetzel: Law, and that's my normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
cynthia wetzel: So it's really like. It's okay. I don't think it's such a leap to to think that I could
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we're going to shift gears for the remaining let's shift gears. Let me see if this will work. What I'd like to do is put a semi sitting on a chair and there's a bed, is that correct
cynthia wetzel: Amount of bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Is there a chair nearby.
cynthia wetzel: There might be one in the closet new grab it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay put. I changed my mind quickly. I want you to stand up. Look at the end of the bag because you can put different characters on the different sides of this bed because I've worked with you too. And there's enough room over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just push. Yeah, pushing me back just a little bit, maybe. So when you stand up looking at that bed and I want you to put the old
cynthia wetzel: Stuff.
cynthia wetzel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: One side is going to be the old you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, this familiar and comfortable the humor and love.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's I'm assuming that's the you now.
cynthia wetzel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: We call the old to
Gwenevere Abriel: The call that the old you
cynthia wetzel: Oh, I'm
cynthia wetzel: The old me
cynthia wetzel: Can we give it a territory, boys. That's what Jim Jones. He coming boys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be oh I
cynthia wetzel: Feel ya, he will. Yeah, my last name. Oh boy be online events, but boy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Boys over there so boys and Cindy, so I want you boys is going to be in one spot and I want you to look at the bed. Don't let me
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at the bed and put boys on one side.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then use it in the position of view.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. So you send us over there Okay wants you to look at boys see it. See, see the humor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the loving nature and quality and tell me about what you see in quality of protection. What do you see
cynthia wetzel: Say that again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perfect. Yes. Now, yes. What do you see, looking at boys. Look at her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Quality. Do you see that she embodies safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: And protection.
cynthia wetzel: I'm not sure what you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me see. I'm going to go look in your note and see who you've got, I can't remember who it was.
cynthia wetzel: Him Shaughnessy or Sally, or I think Bob was was dumb and Sally was love Jimmy Shaughnessy was the first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: The first one is action.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's clarify it. We got we
cynthia wetzel: Got Shaughnessy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
cynthia wetzel: So we've kind of all along.
Gwenevere Abriel: Jim, you've got Sally and we've got Bob. Okay, so there we go. So why don't you look at boys.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can see anything familiar to Jim, what do they, what do they have in common as far as
cynthia wetzel: They're funny. And they laugh.
cynthia wetzel: And they look at the world with
cynthia wetzel: Humor. You're right.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about looking at boys not at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to see what does she have in common with Jim as far as self preservation
cynthia wetzel: Oh yeah, totally.
cynthia wetzel: How is see
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay shift gears. You're going to say you, you're going to talk directly to her and say, you know what I see in you looking at her out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking at her. I want you to tell her you know what i see a new you have in common with Jim. Yeah, we already know about the funding and the learning. But you know what I see in you. And what was that thing you were gonna say
cynthia wetzel: I see you
cynthia wetzel: I'm sorry, the right I'm seeing you. The
Gwenevere Abriel: plug your ears.
cynthia wetzel: You are yourself you can be yourself.
cynthia wetzel: And and
cynthia wetzel: Like yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, switch seats.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, turn towards Cindy tells me how that feels to be told that you see, Cindy.
cynthia wetzel: Has ever said that to me, that's so nice.
cynthia wetzel: I can't believe I have anything in common to see he's awesome
Gwenevere Abriel: And why don't you describe, Cindy.
cynthia wetzel: I see.
cynthia wetzel: Who
cynthia wetzel: Logs.
cynthia wetzel: And doesn't remember how to show it very well.
cynthia wetzel: I see.
cynthia wetzel: Somebody who's overwhelmed.
cynthia wetzel: And
cynthia wetzel: A person.
cynthia wetzel: That you still have all these quality.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ask Cindy what she's saying about
cynthia wetzel: Why are you so angry.
cynthia wetzel: I'm angry at myself for
cynthia wetzel: Fucking up
cynthia wetzel: So disorganized.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cheese.
cynthia wetzel: That was like 20 years ago. You don't have to feel bad about it anyway.
Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy arts boys and take in
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh jeez, just like 20 years ago, take it in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling all over
Gwenevere Abriel: So Cindy, we're back to just therapist and client conversation all these sort of ego states.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're putting on hold. So we have these precious four minutes to process the work you did today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's rushed and hurry and all that. But this is what we've got.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tune in and now watch the film strip watch the film reel watch it go
Gwenevere Abriel: See
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want to hold on to and not let go of
cynthia wetzel: Have to be so angry. There's really
cynthia wetzel: My mom isn't even like that anymore.
cynthia wetzel: I know that it happens when you have kids, you get frustrated because it seems so overwhelming, but I don't need to be like
cynthia wetzel: Because
cynthia wetzel: They'll
cynthia wetzel: Appreciate it. If I'm
cynthia wetzel: Myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honey, I'm loving
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the
cynthia wetzel: luster and trying to be
cynthia wetzel: Perfect and angry because I'm failing miserably.
Yeah.
cynthia wetzel: I think
cynthia wetzel: Are Not Alone, except for you. He
cynthia wetzel: Doesn't feel that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: He gets to be himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm looking forward to you, taking the advice of boys, which is just to be yourself.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself is interesting, fun, funny loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective it's all those things.
cynthia wetzel: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: You did a lot of work. I think that we might benefit for picking up around things that are happening currently tethering it to bridging it to some things that happened a long time ago, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds like pieces of it or like a lot of current his current, current, current, current and history and current, current, current and history. So I'm seeing a lot of that. And I think that the work we're doing. We're getting somewhere with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I really want to hear again about what you saw in your daughter, maybe spend a little let's have a transition because since I can't give it to you. Would you do that for yourself right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just take this and finish the discussion about what it was like to touch that imagery with your daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really important that went on in their
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish that don't. Let's not be abrupt do some journaling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is my daughter do this and and and and just kind of get that out of the habit and more than welcome to send it to me, or just make it your truth, just we don't kind of slam into
Gwenevere Abriel: Such an abrupt ending because I feel I wanted like about 10 minutes to process this and I just only had four
cynthia wetzel: That's okay. Oh, right, right now.
Well,
cynthia wetzel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I have a note for myself that it's in pencil. So, of course, it can change, but I have a scribbling that you're going to be in group on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, Kitty, so I will see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: If anything,
Gwenevere Abriel: Comes up and you need to schedule something else with me please let me know. Okay.
cynthia wetzel: Okay, very good.